README.md, before:

# *TurboTest🔥*

let's make tests readable and simple


## Give it a try

```python
import TurboTest as tt
from my_module.my_function import my_function

def basic_operations():
    result = my_function(2, 3)
    expected = 5
    tt.both_are_equal(result, expected)

def should_raise_AssertionError_for_input_less_than_25():
    with tt.these_will_raise(AssertionError) as its: my_function(21)
    tt.both_are_equal(its.exception_msg, "Invalid: Value is less than 25.")
```

What you will get:

```txt
TurboTest... at '/path/to/my_module'  (Monday, Jan 1, 2024, 13:11:21 UTC-0800)
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[22:00:00] PASS: my_function: basic operation  (3🧪|1m2.3s)
[22:00:02] PASS: my_function: should raise AssertionError for input less than 25  (9🧪|2m2.1s)
[22:02:00] FAIL: abc123/foo/bar: should do X  (2🧪|0m5.1s)
[22:03:00] FAIL: abc123/foo/bar: reject empty string  (17🧪|0m0.1s)
[22:05:12] PASS: xyz/abc: exit if X equal to None  (9🧪|0m0.7s)
[22:07:45] FAIL: xyz/pqr: return None if Y does not exist  (6🧪|2m3.1s)
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Done, 100 test functions [pass/fail: 61/39] executed in [core/total: 31m2.0s/37m3.1s] 🔥🔥
```

with color:

[]


## Install

- via PyPI: run `pip install turbotest`

## Misc

- [Thank you💙](https://nvfp.github.io/thank-you)
- [Documentation](https://nvfp.github.io/mykit)
- [Changelog](https://nvfp.github.io/mykit/changelog)


## License

This project's source code and documentation are under the MIT license.

Commit message:

this is a dev commit: 14 files changed, 502 insertions(+), 15 deletions(-)
 .github/workflows/run-tests.yml (new)              | 27 ++++++

 README.md                                          | 13 ++-

 TurboTest/__init__.py                              |  5 +-

 TurboTest/__main__.py                              | 10 ++-

 .../core/chemicals/both_are_equal/__init__.py      | 21 ++++-

 TurboTest/core/chemicals/both_are_equal/test.py    | 75 +++++++++++++++++

 TurboTest/core/chemicals/test.py (new)             | 25 ++++++

 .../these_two_must_be_different/__init__.py (new)  | 19 +++++

 .../these_two_must_be_different/test.py (new)      | 74 +++++++++++++++++

 .../core/chemicals/these_will_raise/__init__.py    | 83 ++++++++++++++++++-

 TurboTest/core/chemicals/these_will_raise/test.py  | 95 ++++++++++++++++++++++

 TurboTest/core/error_tt/__init__.py                |  7 ++

 TurboTest/core/error_tt/test.py (new)              | 37 +++++++++

 _etc/note.md                                       | 26 +++++-

message generated by QWD (github.com/nvfp/qwd)

README.md, after:

# *TurboTest🔥* (still under dev)

let's make tests readable and simple


## Give it a try

```python
import TurboTest as tt
from my_module.my_function import my_function

def basic_operations():
    result = my_function(2, 3)
    expected = 5
    tt.both_are_equal(result, expected)

def should_raise_AssertionError_for_input_less_than_25():
    with tt.these_will_raise(AssertionError) as its: my_function(21)
    tt.both_are_equal(its.exception_msg, "Invalid: Value is less than 25.")
```

What you will get:

```txt
TurboTest... at '/path/to/my_module'  (Monday, Jan 1, 2024, 13:11:21 UTC-0800)
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[22:00:00] PASS: my_function: basic operation  (3🧪|1m2.3s)
[22:00:02] PASS: my_function: should raise AssertionError for input less than 25  (9🧪|2m2.1s)
[22:02:00] FAIL: abc123/foo/bar: should do X  (2🧪|0m5.1s)
[22:03:00] FAIL: abc123/foo/bar: reject empty string  (17🧪|0m0.1s)
[22:05:12] PASS: xyz/abc: exit if X equal to None  (9🧪|0m0.7s)
[22:07:45] FAIL: xyz/pqr: return None if Y does not exist  (6🧪|2m3.1s)
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Done @ 22:09:55, 100 test functions [pass/fail: 61/39] executed in [core/total: 31m2.0s/37m3.1s] 🔥🔥
```

with color:

[]


## Install

- via PyPI: run `pip install turbotest`

## Misc

- [Thank you💙](https://nvfp.github.io/thank-you)
- [Documentation](https://nvfp.github.io/mykit)
- [Changelog](https://nvfp.github.io/mykit/changelog)


## Troublshoot

- Please note that TurboTest minimizes validations for readability and easier maintenance purposes. The input should align with the function's expectations. For example, if the function specifies `x: Exception`, please provide only exception-related input, as there are no checks to catch incorrect inputs.


## License

This project's source code and documentation are under the MIT license.
